text = '''Let's start out for number one the first company that you're looking forward to and what are you looking for in that report?
The first one is Manpower, which is a huge, temporary staffing organization. In this report, I'm less interested in actually Manpower's earnings, and more interested in what they have to say about the state of the labor market. One of the big unanswered questions in this economic recovery is when will jobs return?
Because without jobs, we're still going to have problems with consumer spending; we're still going to have problems with people not being able to pay their mortgages. I think that Manpower usually has some pretty good insights as to what's happening in the labor market and what they think is going to happen in the future.
Certainly temporary help could be a great leading indicator for the employment market overall, so it would be an interesting one to watch.
So now for number two, a good indicator potentially for consumers, what do you have for the second one?
Marriott International is one of my favorite travel bellwether stocks. They have hotels across the world under all different price points. And it shows both how consumers and business travelers are reacting to the economic environment. Is the "stay-cation" still ruling? Are business travelers and traveling salespeople finally hitting the road again?
By looking at Marriott's results and seeing where the strength was and what travelers are out there--is it convention businesses? What kind of people are out there on the road? It can tell us a lot about where we are in the economic recovery and what we can look forward to in the future. There's going to be a lot of interesting retail earnings, which come a little bit later in earning season, but Target, I think, is going to be one to watch. They came out this week and said that earnings for the first quarter are going to be a little bit better than they initially expected.

Target has a lot of discretionary goods that they sell. So unlike if Wal-Mart does well, it means people are still buying those everyday things that they always need. I'm less concerned now about the recession that people are just cutting out all spending. What we want to see is, are people out there and buying more video games or buying more home decor items--things that aren't necessary, but that people would really like and have been holding off for a while.

If Target earnings start to do really well, it could show that people are feeling a little bit more confident and that could bode well for their company. HP has really become the behemoth when it comes to selling computers, both to consumers and businesses, but the thing that's going to be really interesting this quarter is how enterprise IT spending is holding up. Are businesses investing in their future through servers and through desktops and through laptops?

If they're really spending a lot of money out there, it could be a sign that they're looking to add to their workforce or they want to equip their workforce with even better equipment. It shows that companies are optimistic about the future, which could make us optimistic about the future of those companies.'''

text1 = '''Good morning. My name is Amanda, and I will be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to ADP First Quarter 2011 Earnings Webcast. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Ms. Elena Charles, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. Thank you. Good morning. I'm here today with Gary Butler, ADP's President and CEO; and Chris Reidy, ADP's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us this morning for our First Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Call and Webcast. Our slide presentation for today's call and webcast is available for you to print from the Investor Relations homepage of our website at adp.com.

As a reminder, the quarterly history of revenue and pretax earnings for our reportable segments has been posted to the IR section of our website. These schedules have been updated to include the first quarter of fiscal 2011, and all prior periods have been updated to reflect 2011 budgeted foreign exchange rates.

During today's conference call, we will make some forward-looking statements that refer to future events and as such, involve some risks, and these are discussed on Page 2 of the slide presentation and in our periodic filings with the SEC. 
Highlights of Greenbrier's second fiscal quarter included solid railcar order activity and increased railcar deliveries and revenue generation, but our financial performance in the quarter was obviously disappointing. Our 2019 plan indemnified our second quarter as the least profitable of the year, due in part to expected manufacturing inefficiencies from production line changeovers and building of a fleet of cars for syndication.

However, we also encountered three distinct headwinds mentioned in our press release that impacted profitability in the quarter, specifically challenges in manufacturing at our Romanian and Gunderson facilities and facility closure costs and railcar repair operations. These factors caused second quarter earnings per share to fall short of our goals. Despite these challenges, during the quarter, our projected deliveries and revenue for the year remain on target. However, we now estimate fiscal 2019 earnings per share in the range of $3.60 to $3.80, excluding the railcar contract loss accruals and facility closure costs incurred during the quarter.

Adrian will discuss our second quarter financial results and full-year financial guidance in more detail. While lower than our previous outlook, we are confident in Greenbrier's ability to perform within this range. We have identified the core issues creating the negative financial performance in our Romanian facilities, in particular in our Gunderson operations in our railcar repair network. By far, the Romanian operations were the most significant and we believe we have a new handle on that with new management under the leadership of longtime Greenbrier officer, William Glenn, who used to run our European operations and has recently rejoined the Company. We are also making rapid progress in addressing other performance issues that impacted the quarter.'''

text2 = '''Let me begin today’s call with some opening remarks about our first quarter results. I’ll then turn the call over to Chris Reidy who will take you through the detailed results, and then I’ll return a little bit later to give you and updated forecast for fiscal 2010. Before we take your questions I will provide some concluding remarks.

To begin, ADP’s first quarter results were against very tough comparisons a year ago when we posted 9.5% revenue growth, pre-tax margin expansion of 100 basis points and 20% EPS growth. As you recall it was toward the end of the first quarter in fiscal ’09 that the financial market volatility led to the most difficult economy in decades. Considering the cumulative economic impact on ADP’s business metrics in the quarter, which include lower new business sales, lower client retention, lower client fund balance, fewer number of payees and continued dealership closings, I am encouraged by what we achieved this quarter.

Revenues for the first quarter declined 4% year over year but were slightly ahead of our expectations. Foreign exchange rates gave us a revenue benefit of 1% in last year ’09 first quarter but had been working against us throughout fiscal 2010 in the first quarter. The current quarter’s revenues were negatively impacted about two percentage points from unfavorable exchange rates. However, I am pleased that ADP posted positive growth in both pre-tax and net earnings of 1% and 2% respectively. Earnings per share from continuing operations grew 4% on fewer shares outstanding.

New business sales declined 2% in the first quarter which is an improvement over the decline posted through fiscal 2009. These results were ahead of our expectations but were mixed by business unit within employer services. Sales in our National Accounts Division declined year over year as the sales cycle for larger companies remained challenging with continued delays in outsourcing decisions. Sales to mid-side companies in our Major Accounts Division grew compared with last year’s first fiscal quarter.
Welcome to the RPM International Inc. investor call for our fiscal 2019 third quarter ended February 28, 2019. On the call with me today are Rusty Gordon, RPM's vice president and chief financial officer; and Kristine Schulze, our senior director of financial reporting.

I'll begin by providing broad perspective on our third-quarter results, after which Kristine will run through our numbers in more detail. She'll be followed by Rusty Gordon, who will provide a progress update on our MAP to Growth operating improvement plan and share our outlook for the balance of the year. Note that during our comments, we will walk through some slides that we have posted on the Investor Information section of our website, which can be found at www.rpminc.com, which illustrate progress on our MAP to Growth operating improvement plan. After this, we'll take your questions.
'''
text5 = '''Looking at the weekly chart, Indian Oil Corporation has corrected sharply from its all-time high of around Rs 221 on back of rising crude oil price and corrected till Rs 150. 
Subsequently, it saw a gradual pullback in last few weeks and is currently oscillating near Rs 170 levels.
Looking at the weekly chart, IOC has formed a bullish divergence pattern and now the weekly RSI (14) signals a negative reversal pattern which indicates that the recent rally was merely a pullback and stock is likely to resume its downtrend soon.
Now come to Target. Target has a lot of discretionary goods that they sell. So unlike if Wal-Mart does well, it means people are still buying those everyday things that they always need. 
I'm less concerned now about the recession that people are just cutting out all spending. What we want to see is, are people out there and buying more video games or buying more home decor items--things that aren't necessary, but that people would really like and have been holding off for a while. 
If Target earnings start to do really well, it could show that people are feeling a little bit more confident and that could bode well for their company.
I think , we advocate traders to go short in a range of Rs 169 to 171 with a price target of Rs 150 for IOC. and whoever putting money on it, remember stop loss should be placed at Rs 181.50 on a daily closing basis.
now whoever interested in Target , please go put large range of money on it. as it is trending now.
Hey Mark, just got one tweet from Abigail, THE RETAIL KINGS TARGET AND WALMART HAVE GIVEN RETURNS MUCH HIGHER THE SOME HIGH FLYING TECH
STOCKS AND ARE BOTH ON THE VERGE OF A BREAKOUT.I TOOK A POSITION IN WMT TODAY BUT STILL WAITING ON A BUY SIGNAL IN TARGET.
what's your view now ?
Both Target and WalMart agree that the p g's socialist trade-war behavior must end. https://www.wbur.org/npr/732659104/retailers-ask-trump-to-stop-tariff-threats-on-china
Can anyone tell me why Target is skyrocketing? This shouldn't be happening while the boycott is in effect. 
The boycotters are formidable foes who know their business. 
They know how to put a drag on a stock.
'''
